Machine Learning Project Ideas :

• Beginner Level and Intermediate Level:
1. Predict Housing Price
 ➡ Project Idea: In this project, you will have to predict the
 selling price of a new home.The dataset of this project contains
 the prices of houses in different areas of the city. You can get
 the datasets for this project at the UCI Machine Learning
 Repository.

2. Stock Price Prediction
 ➡ Project Idea: This will be a fun project to build as you will
    be predicting whether someone would have survived if they 
    were in the titanic ship or not.
    
3. Stock Price Prediction
 ➡ Project Idea: This is one of the excellent Artificial Intelligence
    project ideas for beginners.ML experts love the share market.
    And that’s because it’s filled with data. You can get different kinds
    of data sets and start working on a project right away.
    
4. Customer Recommendation
 ➡ Project Idea: E-commerce has benefitted dramatically from AI. The
    finest example is Amazon and its customer recommendation system.
    This customer recommendation system has helped the platform in enhancing
    its income tremendously thanks to better customer experience.
    
5. Chatbots
 ➡ Project Idea: One of the best AI-based projects is to create a chatbot.
    You should start by creating a basic chatbot for customer service.
    You can take inspiration from the chatbots present on various websites. 
    Once you’ve created a simple chatbot, you can improve it and create a more 
    detailed version of the same.
      
• Advanced Level: 
1. Voice-based Virtual Assistant for Windows
 ➡ Project Idea: Voice-based personal assistants are handy tools for simplifying
    everyday tasks.For instance, you can use virtual voice assistants to search
    for items/services on the Web, to shop for products for you, to write notes and
    set reminders, and so much more.
 
2. Facial Emotion Recognition and Detection
 ➡ Project Idea: This project seeks to expand on a pioneering modern application of
    Deep Learning – facial emotion recognition.Although facial emotion recognition 
    has long been the subject of research and study, it is only now that we are 
    witnessing tangible results of that analysis. 
 
3. Personality Prediction System via CV Analysis
 ➡ Project Idea:  It is a challenging task to shortlisting deserving candidates from
    a massive pile of CVs. What if there’s a software that can interpret the personality
    of a candidate by analyzing their CV? This will make the selection process much 
    more manageable. This project aims to create advanced software that can provide a 
    legally justified and fair CV ranking system.
    
4. Heart Disease Prediction Project
 ➡ Project Idea: his project is beneficial from the medical perspective since it is
    designed to provide online medical consultation and guidance to patients suffering
    from heart diseases. Patients often complain that they cannot find good doctors to 
    support their medical needs, which further aggravates their situation. This heart 
    disease prediction application will help combat the issue.
    
5. Banking Bot
 ➡ Project Idea: This is one of the excellent Artificial Intelligence project ideas 
    for beginners. This AI project involves building a banking bot that uses artificial
    intelligence algorithms that analyze user queries to understand their message and 
    accordingly perform the appropriate action. It is a specially designed application 
    for banks where users can ask for bank-related questions like account, loan, credit
    cards, etc. If you are looking for a good AI projects to add to your resume, this 
    is the one. 
    
    
    
    
