Machine Learning Project Ideas :

• Beginner Level :
1. Stock Price Prediction using Machine Learning
 ➡ Project Idea: This machine learning beginner’s project aims
    to predict the future price of the stock market based on the 
    previous year’s data.

2. Titanic Survival Project
 ➡ Project Idea: This will be a fun project to build as you will
    be predicting whether someone would have survived if they 
    were in the titanic ship or not.
    
3. Iris Flowers Classification Project
 ➡ Project Idea: The iris flowers have different species and you
    can distinguish them based on the length of petals and sepals.
    
4. Emojify – Create your own emoji with Python
 ➡ Project Idea: The objective of this machine learning project is
    to classify human facial expressions and map them to emojis.
    
5. Cartoonify Image with Machine Learning
 ➡ Project Idea: Transform images into its cartoon. Yes, the
    objective of this machine learning project is to CARTOONIFY the
    images.
    
• Intermediate Level :
1. Music Genre Classification
 ➡ Project Idea: The idea behind this python machine learning
    project is to develop a machine learning project and automatically
    classify different musical genres from audio.
 
2. Bitcoin Price Predictor
 ➡ Project Idea: The bitcoin price predictor is a useful project. 
    Blockchain technology is increasing and there are many digital 
    currencies rising.
 
3. Uber Data Analysis
 ➡ Project Idea: The project can be used to perform data visualization
    on the uber data. The dataset contains 4.5 millions of uber pickups
    in the new york city.
    
4. Personality Prediction Project
 ➡ Project Idea: The Myers Briggs Type Indicator is a personality type
    system that divides a person into 16 distinct personalities based on
    introversion, intuition, thinking and perceiving capabilities.
    
5. Handwritten Character Recognition
 ➡ Project Idea:  In this machine learning project, you will detect & 
    recognize handwritten characters, i.e, English alphabets from A-Z.
    
• Advanced Level: 
1. Sentiment Analysis
 ➡ Project Idea: Sentiment analysis is the process of analyzing the 
    emotion of the users.
 
2. Speech Emotion Recognition
 ➡ Project Idea: This is one of the best machine learning projects.
    The speech emotion recognition system uses audio data.
 
3. Online Grocery Recommendation using Collaborative Filtering
 ➡ Project Idea: Collaborative filtering is a great technique to 
    filter out the items that a user might like based on the 
    reaction of similar users.A grocery recommendation system would
    be a great project to make customers realize what they would 
    like in their baskets.
    
4. Movie Recommendation System
 ➡ Project Idea: Recommendation systems are everywhere, be it an 
    online purchasing app, movie streaming app or music streaming.
    
5. Image Segmentation
 ➡ Project Idea: Predict location as well as class to which each
    object in the image belongs.Image segmentation results in 
    granular level information about the shape of an image and 
    thus an extension of the concept of Object Detection. 




 

